how hot is it here in the
Namibian desert on Africa's
south west coast so hot that
this shovel snouted lizard has
to thermal regulate
it lowers its entire body
temperature by letting heat
escape through its lifted feat
drought is the constant enemy
water is precious when the early
morning see fog rolls in from
the South Atlantic the water
turns to do and resourceful
animals like this
Aaron gays adder drink the water
droplets off its own skin
then it's time to look for food
ever wonder how a viper like
this one manages to motor across
the hot shifting sands of the
desert
the / in gay's adder does it by
lifting most of its body off the
sand
this is called sidewinding and
this Sidewinder has turned it
into poetry in motion
this lizard has buried itself to
escape the sign but once the
adder appears the lizard beat
feet out of them scurrying
Beatles catch the lizard's
attention
fine chases on Lizard vs beetle
versus a nerd who adopts that
cunning hunting strategy
let the prey come to it burrow
into the sand and get ready for
an ambush
it wriggles into the hot sand
until just head and eyes are
exposed
the lizard looking to devour the
Beatles
but gets devoured itself
this is now an ex lizard
the / in gay's follows strict
desert serpent etiquette and
consumes its meal and first